[expo-ads-admob] Add support for requesting NPA (#5323)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/admob.md

### AdMobBanner

#### servePersonalizedAds property

> The default behavior of the Google Mobile Ads SDK is to serve personalized ads. If a user has consented to receive only non-personalized ads, you can configure the view to specify that only non-personalized ads should be requested. Adding `servePersonalizedAds` property causes non-personalized ads to be requested regardless of whether or not the user is in the EEA. The default is `false` — ads won't be personalized.

Reviewer: It might be confusing that the default behavior of the Google Mobile Ads SDK is to serve personalized ads, but in our wrapper we make `servePersonalizedAds` default to `false` (thereby showing non-personalized ads)
```suggestion
If a user has consented to receive only non-personalized ads, you can configure the view to specify that only non-personalized ads should be requested. Setting the `servePersonalizedAds` property to `true` causes personalized ads to be requested, otherwise non-personalized ads will be requested regardless of whether or not the user is in the EEA. Defaults to `false` — ads won't be personalized.
```
